# English Message to those who follow me:

There is the Monkey who doesn't See(<b>America</b>), the one who doesn't Listen (me) and the one who doesn't talk (<b>Asia</b>):

    - In Theory, I am the creative one, while I don't care to build what ever goes into my mind...
    - In Theory, the one who doesn't see needs to work with the one who doesn't talk to help the one who doesn't listen
    to become better...

1. While I am the one who doesn't listen I may think I am the 4ยบ Budhist Monkey..

- I know it is an [illusion](https://art.odicforcesounds.com/pages/Data/Audio/Path_Of_Shields/tracks/10_Myth_illusion_Memories/index.html), like all other illusions that become real or still in the fantasy world :)

2. I add a conversation / discussion menu so anyone is free to tell me something.. in github/repo

3. This text is to those who may be interested in what I wish to build to everyone!

4. My will is to show ways to ensure good behavior in society is rewarded, since bad behaviors are rewarded as penalties. ( debts / payments / prison / etc... )

5. The value of each singlar human is in it's behavior, while behaviors come from educational principles and desires.

- (while we wish we need to control the desire or we become monsters)

- Control - Free to Ask: All emotions are body reactions created by the brain, which compare information to validate it.
  1. Then we accept.
  2. Then we deny.
  3. Keep learning about information-flow...
     - (electricity-flow)
     - (electromagnetism-flow)
     - (body-perception-flow)

6. [World-Cleaner-Challenge](wiki.odicforcesounds.com) is a way to motivate industry to change ( in Time... ) the way they develop them self's into business.

   - To ensure good behaviors, good choices, good business...

7. Is not a system where people give money to help anyone..

   - the only way is by action...
   - money doesn't solve problems
   - in fact, it motivates people to give their own time to solve others problems.

8. Does morality / ethics are "superior" values that doesn't diserve to have economic value associated?

9. I am open to make this application challenge better...

- Please, I am just a simple Monkey..
- while I love Simplicity I can only handle complexity if is related to human brain, even then I use intuition not "objectivations of subjectivity in Time-Object-Focused" called scientific, which care about the results, not the Flow.
- The Flow is the Process, and the process is the Path...
- Monkey cares about the Flow (by sea or by air?)
- By the Road which goes down into Hearth! (out of this planet it doesn't make any sense to me)

10. If "you" want to help me, please tell me. If you don't like the idea, please tell!

- ( I may agree with you as well if you specify the "moral" / "ethic" values that are in cause to report as "bad" )
- If you think in the perspective of what can go good(), it is a good solution..
- if you think in the perspective of control, it may be bad ( depending of our intensions ).. as everything else!

12. Bitcoins / cryptocoins / whatever-coin is...

- "numeric expressions that represent value" (generated by electric Impulses - Expressed in the Digital way... )

13. how many bitcoins can be generated by computer if computer work 100 years?

- numbers are infinite, as the Universe is
- The constant is where the concept of infinity comes, because that concept which points to infite, is giving finitude to what has no end...

14. how many problems humans can solve and learn in a life time of 100 years?

15. All living beings rational or not, move ( expressions of life ) because their body owns electricity (in a low level state)...
16. how does something that is not organic, become more valued than what it is ??? ( life is not infinite )
