docs/README.md, before:

Life is Only a [Dream](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/it-was-only-a-dream)

- Welcome to the Era of Fire - 2016 - Year of the Red Fire Monkey ( E ) 

# You are the Wood

## America [Yin](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/accept-our-gift-ring-of-fire-yin) (1)

[White Tiger](./letters/Tiger_America.md) **+**

- We Came in Peace - 1980 - Year of the Golden Metal Monkey ( m ) 

# I am the Fire

## Asia [Yang](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/accept-our-gift-ring-of-fire-yang) (1)

[Fire Dragon](./letters/Dragon_Asia.md) **=**

# [Metal Monkey](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/you-are-the-wood-i-am-the-fire) (1)

- Which means: 1 + 1 = 1 OR 3 ( [Tao / Dao](https://art.odicforcesounds.com/pages/YinYang/Dao/index.html) ) ( c2 ) 

- [Monkey Thoughts](./textos/README.md): **If Time is built within Our Self's, then Time is Our Self's, as result of Time it Self!**

[JavaScript](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/dive-into-the-world-of-javascript) and [Computer Technology](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/just-a-technical-skill-set) is all about Logic.

Then we split the problem into several pieces..

What else is simplicity if not a bunch of other simplicities in sequence, while all of them represent the complexity it self, which is complex if you wish to understand!

- Monkey is here for [Change](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/we-are-here-for-change)
- Monkey Can [Teach](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/crafting-new-generations) if You Wish
- Monkey want to [Make Business](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/lets-make-business)
- Monkey brings [Fire](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/we-bring-fire-the-magic-of-fantasy)
- Monkey wish to [Care](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/care-us-and-we-will-care-you)
- Monkey is **not** the [King](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/sun-wukong-the-Monkey-king) of the Jungle
- Monkey Wish to have [Fun](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/dont-take-us-seriously-we-are-having-fun)!
- Monkey want to [Play](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/well-played)
- Monkey Like to [Write](./MANIFEST.md) **bla bla bla**
- Monkey Like [Music](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/piano-words)
- Monkey is [Funky](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/accurate-fingers-and-funky-orgasms)
- Monkey is [Naughty](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/bruce-lee-advice-and-the-naughty-challenge)
- Monkey ask an [Advice](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/ask-an-advice-and-you-shall-rise)
- Monkey is **not** God ( No Imposition of Monkey [Will](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/the-possession-of-will) )
- Monkey teaching is **not** violent
- Monkey like [Peace](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/we-came-in-peace-trance-zone)
- Monkey is Spiritual ( [Show Monkey some Respect](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/show-us-some-respect-warning) )
- Monkey Compile content to explain the [Digital](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/digital-perspective) way
  - Use your [Brain](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/brain-chilout)
- Monkey cannot do it alone ( not good for motivation )
- Monkey ask if [Solution](./World-Cleaner.md) is necessary ( Monkey is good not stupid )
- Monkey wish to [Educate](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/genius-monkey-style) only!
- Monkey understand the Brain - Monkey Can help
  - Monkey [Style](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/dark-warrior): Provocative or Fun?
  - Monkey knows:
    - if brain is fun, [Monkey](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/set-us-free) is fun
    - if brain is not fun, [Monkey](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/fire-in-my-eyes-metal-in-my-soul) is not fun
- Monkey Thoughts: "Always teaching about simplicity"
  - :> You can create [Everything](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/absolute-everything-and-everyone) you focus in
  - if something is bad and you don't like it, better to focus in something else ( don't let your dream go away )
- You are included in Monkey [Eternal License](https://art.odicforcesounds.com/pages/License/index.html) !
  - "Numeric Expressions that represent value..."
  - The value is not in the representation of the value it self, but in the relation of what else make the self.
  - **[DEEDS - PATH TO PARADISE](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/deeds-path-to-paradise)**
  - Monkey **Challenge** is not bad but can be [Wrong](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/not-bad-wrong)
  - Monkey knows the difference [Between](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/between-us-image-and-sound) right or wrong comes from intentions!
  - Monkey want to show you [Something](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/i-want-to-show-you-something)
  - Monkey **Challenge** [target](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/v-euclidean-space-3) World Wide Brands
  - [World Wide Brands](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/mission-world-wide-target) don't know Monkey is here, then Monkey found Awesome [Fake](https://github.com/odicforcesounds/fakeSolutions) data.
  - If Monkey dream is an [Illusion](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/myth-illusion-memories), then can become real. What is Your Will?

# Monkey Ask [Dogs and Cats](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/dogs-like-to-dance-cats-like-to-watch) Help

## (if you feel it in yourself) as well

- No parties for them, is only to code a better world for both
- Looking for Cats [Boom](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/boom-cat) CodeCat JS Ninjas ( Monkey always care about them )
- Looking for Dogs CodeDog JS Ninjas ( Monkey always care about them )
- Looking for [Dragons](https://soundcloud.com/odicforcesounds-channel/the-dragon) CodeDragon JS Ninjas ( Monkey Time Warrior Friends )
- Looking for [Wolfs](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/walking-with-the-river) CodeWolf JS Ninjas ( Monkey Supporter Friends )
- Looking for Rats CodeRat JS Ninjas ( Monkey [Time-Conditional](https://art.odicforcesounds.com/pages/YinYang/YY/index.html) Friends )
- Looking for Serpents CodeSerpent JS Ninjas ( Monkey Secret Friends )
- Looking for Pigs CodePig JS Ninjas ( please: don't eat everything )
- Looking for [Horses](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/water-horses-woman-freedom) CodeHorse JS Ninjas ( Monkey Friends )
- Looking for [Birds](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/birds-of-fire) CodeBird JS Ninjas ( Monkey Friends )
- Looking for [Monkeys](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/eyes-on-you) (c0!)eMonkey JS Ninjas ( Monkey don't forget their own )

# Monkey Gifts

- All Content is **free** to Download (Spread Monkey Spread)
- You are **free** to ignore Monkey Will of [Power](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/money-is-no-power) ( Monkey can be Mad )
- You are **not free** from excluding yourself from Monkey License!
- You should **not** deny to help Monkey **Shamanic Quest Dream**

[It all About Us](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/it-is-all-about-us)

Solipsism is false and truth at the same time, but we all live in that condition!

Commit message:

some notes may help readers to understand the propose of this text full of music-links (not-only)

docs/README.md, after:

Life is Only a [Dream](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/it-was-only-a-dream)

- Welcome to the Era of Fire - 2016 - Year of the Red Fire Monkey ( E )

# You are the Wood

## America [Yin](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/accept-our-gift-ring-of-fire-yin) (1)

[White Tiger](./letters/Tiger_America.md) **+**

- We Came in Peace - 1980 - Year of the Golden Metal Monkey ( m )

# I am the Fire

## Asia [Yang](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/accept-our-gift-ring-of-fire-yang) (1)

[Fire Dragon](./letters/Dragon_Asia.md) **=**

# [Metal Monkey](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/you-are-the-wood-i-am-the-fire) (1)

- Which means: 1 + 1 = 1 OR 3 ( [Tao / Dao](https://art.odicforcesounds.com/pages/YinYang/Dao/index.html) ) ( c2 )

- [Monkey Thoughts](./textos/README.md): **If Time is built within Our Self's, then Time is Our Self's, as result of Time it Self!**

## The 3 Monkeys

There is the Monkey who doesn't See(<b>America</b>), the one who doesn't Listen (me) and the one who doesn't talk (<b>Asia</b>):

    - In Theory, I am the creative one, while I don't care to build what ever goes into my mind...
    - In Theory, the one who doesn't see needs to work with the one who doesn't talk to help the one who doesn't listen to become better...

---

[JavaScript](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/dive-into-the-world-of-javascript) and [Computer Technology](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/just-a-technical-skill-set) is all about Logic.

Then we split the problem into several pieces..

What else is simplicity if not a bunch of other simplicities in sequence, while all of them represent the complexity it self, which is complex if you wish to understand!

- Monkey is here for [Change](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/we-are-here-for-change)
- Monkey Can [Teach](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/crafting-new-generations) if You Wish
- Monkey want to [Make Business](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/lets-make-business)
- Monkey brings [Fire](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/we-bring-fire-the-magic-of-fantasy)
- Monkey wish to [Care](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/care-us-and-we-will-care-you)
- Monkey is **not** the [King](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/sun-wukong-the-Monkey-king) of the Jungle
- Monkey Wish to have [Fun](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/dont-take-us-seriously-we-are-having-fun)!
- Monkey want to [Play](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/well-played)
- Monkey Like to [Write](./MANIFEST.md) **bla bla bla**
- Monkey Like [Music](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/piano-words)
- Monkey is [Funky](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/accurate-fingers-and-funky-orgasms)
- Monkey is [Naughty](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/bruce-lee-advice-and-the-naughty-challenge)
- Monkey ask an [Advice](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/ask-an-advice-and-you-shall-rise)
- Monkey is **not** God ( No Imposition of Monkey [Will](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/the-possession-of-will) )
- Monkey teaching is **not** violent
- Monkey like [Peace](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/we-came-in-peace-trance-zone)
- Monkey is Spiritual ( [Show Monkey some Respect](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/show-us-some-respect-warning) )
- Monkey Compile content to explain the [Digital](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/digital-perspective) way
  - Use your [Brain](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/brain-chilout)
- Monkey cannot do it alone ( not good for motivation )
- Monkey ask if [Solution](./World-Cleaner.md) is necessary ( Monkey is good not stupid )
- Monkey wish to [Educate](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/genius-monkey-style) only!
- Monkey understand the Brain - Monkey Can help
  - Monkey [Style](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/dark-warrior): Provocative or Fun?
  - Monkey knows:
    - if brain is fun, [Monkey](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/set-us-free) is fun
    - if brain is not fun, [Monkey](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/fire-in-my-eyes-metal-in-my-soul) is not fun
- Monkey Thoughts: "Always teaching about simplicity"
  - :> You can create [Everything](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/absolute-everything-and-everyone) you focus in
  - if something is bad and you don't like it, better to focus in something else ( don't let your dream go away )
- You are included in Monkey [Eternal License](https://art.odicforcesounds.com/pages/License/index.html) !
  - "Numeric Expressions that represent value..."
  - The value is not in the representation of the value it self, but in the relation of what else make the self.
  - **[DEEDS - PATH TO PARADISE](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/deeds-path-to-paradise)**
  - Monkey **Challenge** is not bad but can be [Wrong](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/not-bad-wrong)
  - Monkey knows the difference [Between](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/between-us-image-and-sound) right or wrong comes from intentions!
  - Monkey want to show you [Something](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/i-want-to-show-you-something)
  - Monkey **Challenge** [target](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/v-euclidean-space-3) World Wide Brands
  - [World Wide Brands](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/mission-world-wide-target) don't know Monkey is here, then Monkey found Awesome [Fake](https://github.com/odicforcesounds/fakeSolutions) data.
  - If Monkey dream is an [Illusion](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/myth-illusion-memories), then can become real. What is Your Will?

# Monkey Ask [Dogs and Cats](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/dogs-like-to-dance-cats-like-to-watch) Help

## (if you feel it in yourself) as well

- No parties for them, is only to code a better world for both
- Looking for Cats [Boom](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/boom-cat) CodeCat JS Ninjas ( Monkey always care about them )
- Looking for Dogs CodeDog JS Ninjas ( Monkey always care about them )
- Looking for [Dragons](https://soundcloud.com/odicforcesounds-channel/the-dragon) CodeDragon JS Ninjas ( Monkey Time Warrior Friends )
- Looking for [Wolfs](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/walking-with-the-river) CodeWolf JS Ninjas ( Monkey Supporter Friends )
- Looking for Rats CodeRat JS Ninjas ( Monkey [Time-Conditional](https://art.odicforcesounds.com/pages/YinYang/YY/index.html) Friends )
- Looking for Serpents CodeSerpent JS Ninjas ( Monkey Secret Friends )
- Looking for Pigs CodePig JS Ninjas ( please: don't eat everything )
- Looking for [Horses](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/water-horses-woman-freedom) CodeHorse JS Ninjas ( Monkey Friends )
- Looking for [Birds](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/birds-of-fire) CodeBird JS Ninjas ( Monkey Friends )
- Looking for [Monkeys](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/eyes-on-you) (c0!)eMonkey JS Ninjas ( Monkey don't forget their own )

# Monkey Gifts

- All Content is **free** to Download (Spread Monkey Spread)
- You are **free** to ignore Monkey Will of [Power](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/money-is-no-power) ( Monkey can be Mad )
- You are **not free** from excluding yourself from Monkey License!
- You should **not** deny to help Monkey **Shamanic Quest Dream**

[It all About Us](https://odicforcesounds.bandcamp.com/track/it-is-all-about-us)

Solipsism is a false Philosophic theory, but we all live in that condition!
